feat(changelog): transactional-email-added-support-for-svg-attachments 2025-04-10 (#4827)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2025/2025-04-10-transactional-email-added-support-for-svg-attachments.mdx

---
title: Support for SVG attachments
status: added
date: 2025-04-10
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> TEM now supports .svg files as email attachments. You can use them like any other supported file type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transactional Email now supports `.svg` files as email attachments. You can use them like any other supported file type.
```

> Check the full list of supported file extensions here: Supported file types documentation ->
> https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/#types-of-attachments-available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the full list of supported file extensions in the [supported file types documentation](transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/#types-of-attachments-available).

```
